---
layout: post
title: "March 2014 Recap"
modified: 2014-03-24 19:35:02 -0600
tags: [recap, achievements,students]
description: "We look back at March 2014 and the achievements made by those in the community."
image:
  feature:
  credit:
  creditlink:
comments: true
share: true
---

Every month we look back at all the amazing achievements the community of GDI Boulder has made

1. We’re having our first week-night social coding event, Code & Cocktails. With the support of a local brewery, we’ve sold out the event within 5 days of announcing it. This event was the idea of one of our volunteers who wanted to target people who had weeknight availability, but couldn’t make it to our weekend Code & Coffee events.
1. We recently helped a local Girl Scout Troop earn their technology badge. Co-founders Cara Jo & Kate were there as well as lead instructor Rachel. We taught 12-15 4/5th graders learn Scratch, which is a way to introduce youngsters to the concepts behind programming. (Group photo attached)
1. One of the Girl Scouts was looking at our events, and begged her mom to bring her to our Code & Coffee the following weekend. She showed us the progress of her game! (Single girl at computer photo attached )
1. Kate and Cara Jo have been selected to be keynote speakers at an event on April 27th (could wait until April to announce), for the Aspirations in Computing awards ceremony for the state of Colorado, hosted by the University of Colorado. We’re recognizing Juniors and Seniors in high their computing-related achievements and interests.
1. One of our earliest students, Debra Zapata, is moving from Student to instructor and will be co-teaching her first HTML/CSS Class with Cara Jo this weekend.
1. We’re sponsoring two ladies to attend PyCon in April. Sandra C.and Mazhalai 'Maddy’ C. We will be paying for their airfare and hotel as well as meals/fun time. We’ve worked with PyLadies and the PyCon organizers to get them conference passes as well.
1. Our very first HTML/CSS attendee, Teri Charles, is working with her partner to create an Intro to Programming Concepts workshop that introduces students to programming concepts without using math or code. It applies these concepts to real life situations, instead of complicating it with language specific syntax
